Update build versioning docs (#436)
codemagic-ci-cd/codemagic-docs: content/building/build-versioning.md

## Overview of Build Versioning Requirements

### App Store Connect Requirements

The main values for iOS & macOS versioning are `CFBundleShortVersionString` (Release Version Number) and `CFBundleVersion` (Build Version Number). The best explanation of these two values, despite being outdated, is Apple's technical note on [Version Numbers and Build Numbers](https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/technotes/tn2420/_index.html).

[CFBundleShortVersionString](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/bundleresources/information_property_list/cfbundleshortversionstring), Release Version Number, is the external user facing release version of your app displayed in the App Store. It must follow the `{major}.{minor}.{patch}` version format of three period separated integers. This must be incremented every time you release a version to the App Store. It's advisable to commit this value to version control and update it for every new release of your app to the App Store.

> [CFBundleVersion](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/bundleresources/information_property_list/cfbundleversion), Build Version Number, is the internal build version number of your application used for testing and development. It appears in `{major}.{minor}.{patch}` format of one to three period separated integers. If {minor}.{patch} are not provided, then they will default to zero. Build version number must be incremented with every release candidate submitted to test flight for a particular release version number. For iOS, build version number can be reused across different release version numbers while for macOS, build version number must be unique across all release version numbers. This value is best incremented and set by your CI/CD pipeline for every build your submitting to TestFlight.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[CFBundleVersion](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/bundleresources/information_property_list/cfbundleversion), Build Version Number, is the internal build version number of your application used for testing and development. It appears in `{major}.{minor}.{patch}` format of one to three period separated integers. If {minor}.{patch} are not provided, then they will default to zero. Build version number must be incremented with every release candidate submitted to TestFlight for a particular release version number. For iOS, build version number can be reused across different release version numbers while for macOS, build version number must be unique across all release version numbers. This value is best incremented and set by your CI/CD pipeline for every build you're submitting to TestFlight.
```

### Google Play Requirements

You can find the Google Play build versioning requirements in the [Android documentation](https://developer.android.com/studio/publish/versioning#appversioning). The important values defined in the build.gradle file are `versionName` and `versionCode`.

> `versionName` is a text based, external, version of your app that is displayed to users and visible in Google Play. There are no restrictions for `versionName`, so you should choose something that makes sense for you and your users, such as {major}.{minor}.{patch} versioning. It's advisable to commit this value to version control and update it for every new release of your app to the Play Store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`versionName` is a text based, external, version of your app that is displayed to users and visible in Google Play. There are no restrictions for `versionName`, so you should choose something that makes sense for you and your users, such as `{major}.{minor}.{patch}` versioning. It's advisable to commit this value to version control and update it for every new release of your app to the Play Store.
```
